Ranking Criteria/BN rule updates (#2156)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/en.md

### Rules
#### Technical

> - **Metadata must be consistent across all difficulties of a beatmapset.**

Reviewer: you changed to "beatmapset" here but added "beatmap set" in BN rules, change all of em to beatmapset (might want to check other usages throughout the wiki too)

Author: adjusted

> - **Guest mappers, storyboarders, skinners and hitsounders must be added to the tags of a beatmapset.** This is to give credit where credit is due and help others identify the main contributors of any given beatmapset. Usernames containing single characters separated by whitespaces should replace whitespaces with underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Guest mappers, storyboarders, skinners and hitsounders must be added to the tags of a beatmapset.** This is to give credit where credit is due and help others identify the main contributors of any given beatmapset. Usernames containing single characters separated by whitespaces must have the whitespaces replaced with underscores.
```
usernames don't make decisions, people do

Author: clayton makes the right decisions
